# 写作练习

## C17-T1-T1

### Topic

The maps below show an industrial area in the town of Norbiton, and planned feature development of the side.  

### Answer

As can be seen clearly from the chart, Norbiton industrial area are planned to have serveal changes in the feature.  

One of the ~~bigist~~biggest change is all the factories are going to be replace with houses. Which will make this place no more a industrial area.  
There are four buildings planned to add to the Norbiton industrial. For example a scheel are going to replace the factory on the east of this area.
A playground will be build in the middle of two houses, where is close to the school. Students can goto the playground very easily after the school.  
On the centre of the area, shops and a medical centre are going to be build, where can take care the illness people in this area.  
There are also a important change on the north of this area, a new bridge will be build on the river.  
The place across the river is now a ~~framland~~farmland and a new house are going to sattle in there.  

**Words**: 166.  
**Time**: 15 min.  

### Model essay

The two diagrams illustrate(阐明) the expected development of an industrial region in the town Norbiton.  
Overall, this area will completely be converted into a residential block, with amenities and more roads to be established.  

In the first map, a river running from the west to the east is in the north, north of which is farmland but on the other side is the industrial area.
In the middle, there is a roundabout(环状交叉路) with two exits, one of which links to a main road in the south and the other is oriented to the east, and some factories are arranged around the roundbout. In the west of the industrial area, it is the town.  

Turning to the second, a new exit to the north and connecting a road in front of some houses is likely to be added to the roundabout, and by then the farmland will shrink.
On the west of it, there will be a few houses and shops while on the east, besides a playground to be constructed in a newly built residential area, a medical centre will also be in place.  
In the far east, a school is planned. On the main road, a new roundabout will be installed there, connecting the one in middle.  

## C17-T1-T2

### Topic

It is important for people to take risks, both in their professional lives and their personal lives.  
Do you think the advantages of taking risks outweight the disadvantages?  

### Answer

We are going to make choice and face the risks in our works or even in our daily ~~lifes~~lives. Some people like to taking
risks, but I perfer to take things step by step.  
It makes me feel more confortable if things are under control.  
Taking to much risks on some thing will make me nervous, I may spend too much time to think about this thing.  
Too many energy will be waste beacuse of it.  

Event I don't like to take risks, but I have to admit that there are also several advantages to take risks.Sometimes, we have to take risks if you want something done.  
People always say "more risks you take, more money you get", but you can also loose more money because of taking high risks.  
There are some advantages about taking lower risks. If I want to complete a task, take lower risks will make the
progress more stable and I will have more chance to get the task done in time. I think is important for things that have to finish in time.  
Taking riaks usually means cause more errors and that I not a good thing for our work or daily ~~lifes~~lives.  

Overall, I think taking risks have more disadvantages than advantages. So I perfer to make choose which is less riskly. And then I will have more time to work on the task instead of ~~worring~~worrying about the risk itself.  

**Words**: 238.  
**Time**: 37 min.  

### Model essay

It is crucial for individuals(个人) to step out of their comfort zone and take a chance on their career and private life.  
Personally, I am inclined(倾向...的) to the view that the downsides of taking adventure prevail(胜过) over the merits(功绩).  

The major disadvantages is that people may suffer economically. If adults who have a job choose to quit and start running
their own businesses, there is a likelihood that they will encounter failure due to a lack of sophisticated management
skills and a shortage of financial resources.
Therefore, not only will they lose their stable source of income, but also may run into debt.  

Another drawback is that their health can be threatened. Young people always have parties with their friends durning their
free time, but they consume a large amount of alcohol and even take drugs just for fun and excitement.  
There are also other individuals participating in extreme sports, such as bungee jumping and parachuting.  
These activities entail(必须) potential(潜在) detrimental(有害的) consequences for their physical health.  

However, the benefit of doing so cannot be ignored, one of which is that adventurers may enjoy a sense of fulfilment.  
For example, once people who believe a 9 to 5 job is dull and demoralising have managed to deal with the challenges of
doing business and make fortune, they will find their risk-taking worthwhile(值得的). Similary, those who have successfully
reached the summit of a mountain will gain self-confidence.  

In conclusion, I strongly agree that there are more negative outcomes that positive ones if people risk their professional
and personal lives.  
Althought people will feel fulfilled(满足), it is possible that their finance and health will be adversely impacted.  
Therefor(因此), it is suggested that people shoule take their health seriously and plan well before they make any changes.  

## C17-T2-T1

### Topic

The table and charts below give information on the police budget for 2017 and 2018 in one area of Britain.  
The table shows where the money came from and the charts show how it was distributed.  
